Robert Lowman
Project 1 Proposal
10/18/2016
CORE 315: Programming Paradigms

	My plan for my project that I will be implementing in Python 2.7 is a program that gives a file a mature-content based rating, based on sexual, violent, and adult content and language.  This rating will be based off of an algorithm that includes how many words in the document could be considered sexual, violent, or adult-themed compared to how many total words are in the document. A database will be utilized to store three types of words that could be considered mature, which will be categorized as sexual words, violent words, or curse words. Before the document is processed, the user will be prompted to select from a list of options on what type of document the file being inputed is, and the different types of documents will alter the algorithm values. For example, a medical document on sexual reproduction or drug use will have the algorithm not consider sexual content as much as it is being represented in an article form. When the algorithm calculates the maturity rating of the current file, it will be a number between 0-100 where 0 is a file with no mature content and 100 being a file with strong mature content.
	In order for my project to work, File Input and Output will be required as the project will need a file to be inputed. My program will only be able to handle one document at a time, as a lot of calculation will be required for each document to give an accurate rating so handling more than one file at a time would take a long time. In order to keep my program efficient and simple as possible, I will implement a console-based user interface rather than a graphical, as a graphical interface would not really give much advantage over a console based interface. Files can be given to my program directly from the command line, and the option to modify the algorithm by telling the program what type of document is being can also be given from the command line. Doing this, it makes my program more simple and user-friendly as they don't have to maneuver around using some difficult GUI. To store my list of words that I am going to consider mature, I will use a database. Even though this may seem a bit unnecessary, I am implementing this database for learning purposes so that I can learn how to interact with a database in the Python language. Since I will be reading from an opened file, I will need a string buffer to read my file data into which is one of my necessary control structures. 
	The first milestone of my project is to get the shell of my project implemented. This will include handling input and output, and also setting up the proper framework to be able to write the rest of my program. This stage should be fairly simple and straight-forward, I will expect this to be done by October 31st. The second part of my project will be to set up my database properly, and I plan to have this done by the next Monday, November 7th as most of this I should already know how to do. My third milestone will be to have my program be able to fully interact and retrieve data from the database. This step I predict will be the most difficult, so I plan on giving myself two weeks for this therefore making this milestone due on November 21st. The last milestone my project will have will be to finish the program with a properly implemented rating-calculating algorithm that I will have due on December 8th. Alongside of the finished code, I will have my presentation on my project prepared. 
	In my research so far, I have been using a website known as MySQL that has a particular field of Python Database Conenctions, known as MYSQL Connector/Python Developer Guide (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-python/en/). This will be my main resource as it will be helpful when setting up my database. 
